all right check it out guys it's trevor
james i am
super hungry today we are in kuala
lumpur malaysia there's so much food to
eat
and i'm really excited because we're
bringing you for a full
on street food adventure it's gonna be a
lot of fun let's go check it out guys
get ready for more street food in kuala
lumpur
the endless street food city because
today we're bringing you to five
insanely delicious malaysian street food
scenes you're gonna love
including getting into the kitchen of
one of the best
chili and black pepper crab restaurants
in the city if not the world
let's eat awesome guys this is the
moment
we've been waiting for bringing you in
we're in little india brickfield kuala
lumpur right now
and right up ahead we're bringing you
for the ultimate indian
curry clay pod let's go check it out hi
boss
hi boss how are you oh this is it the
clay pot
yeah flipper rice clay pot rice and
they're all being made in the back there
yeah and we just walked into the
ultimate chicken mutton
fish curry clay pot station and chef
gobi here is making all of these clay
pots and we're going to watch from the
very beginning
it looks delicious and you can see all
the ingredients for these curry pots
we've got onion tomato
chili we got masala we got the special
spice secret mix down here
cinnamon and star anise and then we got
curry leaves okay and here's the making
oil and then some piaz onion tomato
curry leaves and then there's some
cinnamon and star anise in there
oh and then more onion look at the heat
coming up now
the aromas are starting to come out and
this is just amazing guys the heat is
coming up
the smells are coming out looks good
oh and here we go look at this guys
we're gonna get one of these
clay pot curry banana leaf
wow okay and here we go the oil's in
curry leaf there's cinnamon star anise
and the onion
there's a lot going in here today guys
garlic tomato
masala the masala secret masala and then
it's just getting mixed up
and that is gonna sizzle and caramelize
and the flavors are just gonna infuse
in there wow and look at this he's just
throwing some stock
and chicken in and chili paste has just
gone in as well
power ranger oh
secrets sentence oh wow and look at that
they just get garnished with that
coriander
chicken mutton fish oh look at that fish
wow you can also get it on top of a
banana leaf and i think that's what
we're gonna get because
it's pure clay pot without the rice and
then you pour it over the rice look at
that
here comes the banana leaf look at that
and then you get the cabbage veg mix
oh look at that wow and there it is
thank you wow that's the beauty
oh and here it is look at that clay pot
wow right on the rice
oh my goodness that is beautiful wow
oh my goodness look at this
banger flooded it's absolutely flooded
maybe yeah yeah just load it thank you
thank you wow and there it is guys look
at how thick
that curry is we got the mutton curry
loaded with potatoes and we saw them
make it with all of those secret
masala ingredients oh and what's this
look at how rich that is oh my goodness
prawn clay pod
wow look at the clay pot still sizzling
indian secret spices okay thank you that
is incredible he brought us this prawn
varuval and look at how dark and rich
that is you can see it's full of spices
and then that's on top of this already
rich spicy
mutton curry over the rice you can just
go right in with hand
and i think that's what we're gonna do
it's still warm
you'll never burn yourself when you eat
with hand because your fingers will feel
it first
try it out
oh my goodness that mutton is fatty and
flavorful
and the curry has this smooth onion
aroma mixed with that freshness from
tomatoes and then it's got that curry
rich masala and then it just brought up
another level with those curry leaves
it's really delicious okay and now we've
really got to try this prawn varuva look
at how dark and thick it is you can
actually see the fried
onions are totally caramelized in there
it's got prawns ginger garlic it's got
cumin tamarind
all the classic indian spices masala
salt maybe a little lemon juice and you
can actually see
there's big cumin seeds in there and
let's just make sure to get that first
bite
full of that varuval gravy
okay let's try it up
oh my goodness that is so rich this
gravy right here
has so many spices in it it tastes like
a cinnamony
forest with cumin almost like a licorice
forest
dark smoky prawn infused masala
oh wow with the smoothness from onions
and the aroma from tomatoes and we can
just
break the papad on here oh yeah
that's it guys then go in we're going to
keep eating this finish this up
oh yeah and then go for more food later
thank you very much
thank you bye-bye see you
thank you bye-bye that was delicious see
you
and next up we're bringing you for four
more street foods
starting with one of the best and most
internationally
famous street foods from malaysia the me
goreng ultimate fried noodle okay guys
and we are just making our way out deep
into kota damansara to go for a
mee goreng classic malaysian style fried
noodle
and i think it's just right up here
let's go take a look and here we are
guys we're going for mekoring
thank you see you awesome guys and we
made our way out to a local neighborhood
kota damansara here and right up here
there's a famous
migoreng which is malaysian street style
fried noodles
and we're gonna go check it out oh yeah
and here we are at bob
and family hi boss
wow this is the mi goreng
oh wow this is the malaysian street
noodle
and we came to eat it okay guys so we
just walked into the ultimate
mee goring stall malaysian migoreng at
bob and family
and it numps it up looks delicious
very nice and delicious
sang it aromatique so here we are guys
you can see
bob and family they got all the classic
malaysian fried noodle dishes
and ting is just filming we're going to
take a look in a second but we are going
to get the me
goreng the fried noodle let's watch how
it's done
okay oh here we go oil going in
oh and here we go guys that's the
migoreng
this is the migoring tons of me chili
sauce
look at this wok action there's vinegar
he's just loading up the vinegar
tons of me going in tons of noodle
there's some green onion so there's
actually quite a few sauces he's putting
into these noodles we've got the tuka
the oil
we've got the chikap the sweet soy sauce
and then we've got the oil and over here
there's a chili sauce and a pasta sauce
so it's full
of spices and aroma and look at that
it's just getting served
and here comes the egg look at that
tallur wow
wow look at all the eggs he's putting in
five five eggs
incredible throwing more noodles in
wow and look at all the tofu chris
that's the
incredible combo green onions tofu
incredible three types oh yeah
three types
oh normal one look at those noodles
it's got the wok hey that classic
smokiness from the charcoal
and chef is a master
namasaya james dan awok
your son oh so family business so this
is chef bob
and bob's mother and
bob's father taught him how to make
these noodles there it is
look at that oh and it's just topped
with green onion
and red chili and then some lime
and then they're gonna add a fried egg
on top look at this wow
tara mcgessie look at this we're at a
classic malay
hawker style wow eating center
and we got two amazing dishes to try
here
and you can see chef bob in the back
there he is just spinning the wok like a
pro
this is the me going look at this guys
wow so we got classic malaysian me
yellow noodle this is the sotong version
so he throws in
sotong which is squid and then he loads
it up with vinegar
and their kachang their passemburg sauce
which is a peanut
oh peanut sauce full of flavor he put in
dark soy
and topped it with green onion and red
chili first up let's just squeeze
lime on these mee goreng and mi goreng
is one of the noodle dishes of the world
one of the ultimate noodle dishes that
you have to try
here we go
oh wow that is amazing it is sweet and
nutty from the peanut kachang sauce it's
got that bean sprout nuttiness as well
and then it's got that chili oh and
there's a definite aroma that you get
from mixing
all of those flavors together the sweet
dark soy the kachang peanut the chili
the wakay the smokiness from cooking on
the coal
very nice jeremy cassie yeah
thank you bob sang it up wow
number one so you your
husband teach bob to cook and you cook
very nice thank you chef bob
sanga sit up see you next time thank you
bye-bye thank you and next up we're
bringing you to one of the most
delicious and
famous black pepper crab and chili crab
restaurants in malaysia
you need to eat this check it out
and here we are guys next up we are
going for the ultimate
black pepper crab and that's one of the
things i love about malaysia is the
variety
of flavors you can get with crab and
seafood here and we're at shushi
restaurant
in a little enclave here in kl with
rainforest and beautiful nature
and we're bright and early to see how
it's done
just check it out guys love aniha
wow here we are bright and early and
we're just gonna check in
and here we go we're gonna go take a
look at the live crabs oh and there they
are
and look at that guys that's the mud
crab
indonesia oh indonesian mud crab and you
can see the claw
is the real feature there there's gonna
be a lot of
juicy crab meat there and then the body
is going to have lots of flesh as well
wow thai bangla and here we are guys
look at this giant
kitchen and we are going to be watching
a few very special dishes
being made today hi boss how are you
oh my goodness and here it is guys look
at this sugar sugar black pepper
oh my it's going to be delicious and
dang shifu is just frying the crab
and then he's going to put it in the wok
with black pepper
oh yeah look at this here we go guys
watch this
oh curry leaf onion garlic
oh yeah that is gonna bring out the
aroma and then look at all these
ingredients here
that's the secret guys he just put in a
giant spoon of black pepper sauce
it smells fantastic and look at this
the crab is going right in and look at
all these ingredients
there's black pepper he's making a spoon
of black pepper chili and
white pepper as well right in the wok
wow henshinda
needs
[Applause]
the secret black pepper crap and look at
that guys he's just adding in
hey yo dark soy it's getting rich
and caramelized look at that whoa
thai bangla that is incredible look at
this
wok action the walk skills nicolas
wow there it is guys look at that black
pepper crab
that is henshinda smells fantastic
and it's just getting plated right now
wow that is black pepper look at those
giant claws
and then the real joy is going to be in
this sauce right here watch this this is
what you come here for
wow look at that beauty
and shanda thai bangla
and after watching even more masterfully
created dishes
like curry clay pot head butter prawns
malaysian chili crab salted egg fried
squid and
fatty barbecue pork we were ready for a
feast
oh and here we go wow
tai hao look at all these specialties we
got today
hi bangla we got this classic chili crab
dish which is almost like the iconic
crab dish of malaysia and you can
actually see he put oh yeah look at that
sauce
he put egg yolk in there in that sauce
it's full of chili and garlic
wow and then this one here is what we
came to sushi for
the black pepper crab they've got this
rich black
pepper sauce they load up in the wok and
it's full of curry leaves and chili and
garlic
it smells like an upgraded black
pepper with curry incredible and the
body is what it's all about there let's
try it out
wow oh my goodness that black pepper
sauce
is perfect and there's another popsicle
look at that guys
you can just dip it in that black pepper
sauce is definitely spicy
but it's like a black pepper spicy not a
red chili spicy
and then you can actually taste the
curry leaves and some light spice from
red chili in there
as well i think that's one of the best
crabs you'll ever eat right there
and next up look at this let's try a
beautiful curry
prawn and look guys the head butter
actually
melted into this curry and we're just
gonna
let's just get a good first bite here
let's try it out
[Music]
how true and i think we found
one of the best places for curry prawn
and
black pepper crab in the world
and next up look at this guys let's go
in for that chili crab
and chili crab is so famous for being
sweet spicy
and sour the triple combo of flavors oh
these are beautiful
claws beautiful claws one of the
ultimate specialties
of the world wow we got so lucky look at
that we just got a complete popsicle
that's a rare rare occurrence
let's just cover it in that chili sauce
let's try it out
mmm
oh oh wow and i'm really surprised by
that guys
that flavor you fall in love with
instantly i'm usually more of a
black pepper or a curry clay pot crab
kind of guy but this
chili crab the sweetness is like from a
tomato sauce sweetness and then it's
spicy from chili
oh and then it's sour as well that was
amazing and i'm full on crab
let's keep going guys and next up before
going for a massive
tandoori chicken dinner we're going for
a classic street dessert
but this time upgraded with durian
here we are we're just cruising through
ciao kit look at this
durian stall is deep in that market and
next up guys we're bringing you we're
right downtown kl right now
in tampang paru chaokit market area you
can see the patronus towers there in the
back
and right on the corner here there is a
famous durian
chandel joint and that's like the
ultimate combo of the two
most refreshing and delicious flavors in
the world and it should just be right up
here
oh hi boss
bike look at all these varieties of
durian d101
d24 kampung durian from the village
all different varieties and flavors and
so the deal is we're going to get a big
durian and then right across here
there's a
cendol stall and we're going to put the
durian on the channel
and have a feast oh look at that
oh wow yellow
looks good 45 per kg so that's about 10
per kg thank you boss wow
that's good okay so we got the durian
and we're gonna walk it over
right here just next door there's this
cendol stall apocaba
bye i got the musang king can make
durian gender
okay thank you okay and here we go so
this is the making of
cendol look at this ice machine
wow let's see how it works
nice so that's the ice and then we're
going to get the gula malacca
brown sugar and the pandan jelly yeah
and then he's going to open up that
durian
musang king wow thank you boss
look at that
coconut santan yeah wow
sweet corn okay thank you for us
and there it is thank you sarah mccassie
oh beautiful thank you okay musang king
yeah that's number one yeah
look at this guys that's the santan
coconut milk
extremely smooth coconut flavor mixed
with palm sugar gula melaka which has
this
intense aroma almost like an upgraded
molasses and then the pandan jelly which
is
vanilla like and then we've got these
ultra premium look at that
ultra premium musang king durian which
is upgraded custard like
oh look at that it's leaking we better
go right in let's take a try
[Music]
wow musang king
wow very delicious oh it's perfectly
wow custardy and let's just load it up
let's just make a mountain here look at
that oh my goodness
there it is look at that that's the real
joy right there see that brown ice
that's the gula melaka palm sugar
which has this distinct aroma so
aromatic it's almost like a mixture
between honey
molasses palm sugar and almost like a
sweet date
and that's what it's all about guys
hanging out at the street stalls durian
stalls cendol stalls
downtown kl enjoying the street food
everyone here is so friendly
wow and that is mmm number one thank you
thank you it was delicious thank you see
you thank you
see you next time thank you bye-bye and
next
up we're bringing you to one of the most
famous and delicious
tandoori chicken joints in the whole
city
you need to see this awesome guys and
next up we're just driving through
traffic
feels so good to be exploring kl after
six years living overseas
haven't had a license or a car and we
just bought a car and i got my license
here in malaysia so
this is gonna be the start of some road
trip
series right now we're just starting out
in keau we're going for tandoori chicken
okay guys and here we are we made our
way out into
ampong district in kuala lumpur and
right up here there's a
tandoori hot that we're gonna go try
some tandoori chicken in
and here we are guys look at this
tandoori chicken hut
there's also chicken satay with
malaysian peanut sauce but
first let's take a look at the tandoori
station hi boss how are you
oh is this the tandoor station look at
this wow
right on the tandoor oh and you can see
in the back
they're making the first grill let's go
take a look oh and here's the tandoor
so it's masala masala yogurt secret
spices
spices wow that looks delicious
very nice
marinade for 24 hours wow
oh my goodness that tandoor is just
stuffed with tandoori chicken and bos v
was just explaining that these ones are
faster cooking and then you can cook
them also the slow way
right over top of this coal powered
tandoori oven oh and they just get
covered in oil look at that
wow it's a deep tandoor and they're
grilled right over top of the flame
and then the third tandoor down the line
is when they just give it a little bit
of extra crispiness wow
and there it is the tandoori chicken all
finished that looks delicious look at
how smoky it is
oh and then when they're finished they
just get chopped right up
oh and look at this this is the bun look
at how they're pinched off like that wow
perfect little balls you can get all
different types of naan here
garlic naan oh and look at all the
cheese naan being made right here
the cheese just goes right into that
naan whoa
and then they just get flattened out and
thrown into the tandoor look at this
boom right in that oven and these are
the chutneys so we've got the mint
chutney the curry and the dal
and those go with your tandoor and they
just come off this is what i love about
malaysia so much
food to try hi boss
can i have satu tandoori chicken please
then
tattoo garlic butter cheese naan
then mutton keema then
mint chutney all the sauce
okay sang it bike oh
and here it is tara mcassie wow
look at that we got a full tandori
chicken
wow that looks good we got this palak
spinach gravy
we've got a minced meat we've got a
chicken gravy
this was a dal i think and then here's a
mint chutney and a mixed
veggie but the real specialty here is
the tandoori chicken
with the mint chutney and we've got a
few different types of naan look at this
this is garlic
and onion oh look at that that's butter
garlic and cheese and i think that's
what both of these are and you can just
see this one is saturated look at that
absolutely saturated with butter
and cheese and what we're gonna do here
is just take some
look at that take some of that tandoori
chicken from the drumstick
and we're just gonna pull it off like
that whoa and there it is look at that
that's a full meat glove and then we can
just cover it
in this mint chutney that's what chef
was telling us
the best way to eat it is let's try it
out
mmm
oh that is unbelievably delicious it is
10 times better
than i expected tandoori chicken is so
juicy
and it's just lightly spiced with that
mint chutney
it's the perfect fresh cooling hit
oh and the butter and parmesan
thank you boss thank you thank you it's
so delicious it's some of the best
tandoori chicken in the world
thank you so much thank you very much
thank you
so tasty if you guys enjoyed that video
please leave me a comment down below let
me know what you thought
thank you so much for watching and
please click that subscribe and little
bell notification button as well
so you don't miss any of these videos
thanks a lot for watching